What do you think is the meaning of this whole thing of life?
Why the hell are we here? Ryan Johnson,
we've been talking about brains and studying brains,
and you had this very eloquent way of describing life on earth as, uh,
as an optimization problem, uh, of, uh,
the cost of intelligence going to zero at first through the evolutionary
process. And then eventually through building, um,
through our technology building more and more intelligence systems you ever
ask yourself? Why is doing that?
Yeah, I think the answer to this question again,
the information value is more in the mirror.
It provides of that person,
which is a representation of the technological social,
political context of the time.
So if you asked this question a hundred years ago,
you would get a certain answer that reflects that time period,
same thing with two over a thousand years ago, it's rare.
It's difficult for a person to pull themselves outta their contextual awareness.
Yeah, very true and offer truly original response.
And so knowing that I am contextually influenced by the situation that I am
a mirror for our reality, I would say that in this moment,
I think the real game going on
is
that in evolution built a system of scaffolding
intelligence that produced us.
We are now building intelligence systems that are scaffolding,
higher dimensional intelligence. Uh,
it's developing more robust systems of inte
in doing in that process with the cost going to zero.
Then the meaning of life becomes goal alignment,
which is the negotiation of our conscious and unconscious existence.
And then I'd say the third thing is if we're thinking that we wanna be explorers
is our technological progress is getting to a point where
we could aspirationally say,
we want to figure out what is really going on really going on
because does any of this really make sense? Now we may be a hundred, 200, 500,
a thousand years away from being able to poke our way out of
whatever is, is going on.
But it's interesting that we could even state an aspiration to say,
we wanna poke at this question, but I'd say in this moment of time,
the in need of life is that we can build a future state
of existence that is more fantastic than anything we could ever imagine.
The.
Striving for something more amazing.
And that defies expectations that
we would consider bewildering and all the things that,
that that's. And, and, and I guess the last thing <laugh>,
if there's multiple meetings of life, it would be infinite games. You know,
James cars wrote the book, finite games, infinite games,
mm-hmm <affirmative> the only game to play right now is to keep playing the
game. And so this goes back to the algorithm of the L algorithm of diet,
soda, and brisket pursuing the passion. I'm what I'm suggesting is there is a,
there's a moment here where we can contemplate playing infinite games.
Therefore it may make sense to err,
on the side of making sure one is in a situation to be playing infinite games,
if that opportunity arises.
So it just the landscape of possibilities changing very, very fast and,
and therefore our old algorithms of how we might assess risk assessment and what
things we might pursue and why those assumptions may fall away very quickly.
Well, I think I speak for a lot of people when I say that the game you
Mr. Brian Johnson have been playing is quite incredible. Thank you so much.
For talking today. Thanks Lex.